Deactivate the controllers when they return error similar to the hard… (#1499)
ros-controls/ros2_control: controller_manager/doc/userdoc.rst

Restarting hardware
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If hardware gets restarted then you should go through its lifecycle again inorder to reconfigure and export the interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If hardware gets restarted then you should go through its lifecycle again in order to reconfigure and export the interfaces
```

If hardware gets restarted then you should go through its lifecycle again.
This can be simply achieved by returning ``ERROR`` from ``write`` and ``read`` methods of interface implementation.

> **NOT IMPLEMENTED YET - PLEASE STOP/RESTART ALL CONTROLLERS MANUALLY FOR NOW** The controller manager detects that and stops all the controllers that are commanding that hardware and restarts broadcasters that are listening to its states.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this section outdated?

Author: I belive yes, it is. If you prefer, I can remove it

Author: Done
